fix: Update user guide based on changes to UI (#2534)
atlasmap/atlasmap: docs/src/main/asciidoc/user-guide/topics/resetting-data-files-in-atlasmap.adoc

[id='resetting-data-files-in-atlasmap']
= Resetting data files in AtlasMap

Initially, AtlasMap displays a blank canvas. You must import at least
one data file into the *Source* panel and at least one data file into
the *Target* panel. You can then map fields.

After you import a data file, you can remove it from the data mapper
canvas by clicking the trash icon, as in the following image:

image:Reset1.png[Remove the specified file]

To remove all imported files, as well as all data mappings:

. Click the *AtlasMap* menu.

> . In the popup menu, click *Reset all mappings and clear all imported documents*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the pop-up menu, select *Reset all mappings and clear all imported documents*.
```
